CodeGeneration/TODO.md, before:

﻿# CodeGeneration TODO

## TODO

+ Add `FileWriter` usage and settings for ModelGeneration and ViewGeneration
+ Move View Header logic back into the View since it could be View dependent and it belongs there any way.

## COMPLETED

+ I need to revisit caching logic, it's a little confusing to use right now with the `BaseGenerationService` implementation that I have.
+ Create a new git repository on Bitbucket for project.
+ Create extension methods for convenience related to embedded resources.
  + GetTemplateNameFromEmbeddedResource
  +	GetFileNameFromEmbeddedResource
  + GetViewNameFromEmbeddedResource
+ Rename the `AssemblyExtensions` class to something more appropriate for its purpose.
+ Create a service to handle retrieving template files that are compiled as embedded resources.
+ Add a `BaseGeneratorService` with an abstract implementation of the `Get` method. 
  + This logic should be the same across all types of generators (model, sql, view, etc.)
+ Update TableMetadata code to include information about whether a column is ReadOnly, ForeignKey, etc. to make the template simpler.
+ Add caching to the `CSharpInMemoryCompiler` class so that I only have to compile my model classes one time.

Commit message:

saving progress. have working generators for all current type of templates (model, sql, controller, repository, and view). need to add some generator specific metadata models to make templates easier to use or make the ViewMetadataModel class more generic.

CodeGeneration/TODO.md, after:

﻿# CodeGeneration TODO

## TODO

+ Fix RazorTemplateService GetEmbeddedTemplateNames* methods so that they filter by template name correctly. I'm using contains right now, so it behaves a little unexpected.
+ Create `MetadataModel` classes for each generator type to make templates for controllers, repositories, etc. easier to write.
+ Add namespace and using as configuration options for all generators.
+ I might be able to create some type of GenericGeneratorService for everything other than the ModelGeneratorService because as of 4/4/2018, all other generators are very, very similar.
+ Combine all *GenerationContext and *GenerationOptions classes into a single class. As of right now, every one of those classes has the same properties.
+ Rename the IBootService and BootService to something more appropriate.
+ Right now, code generation (sql, views, etc.) is dependent upon the models being generated first. I need to update the model services 
so that it will lazy generate models if necessary, this will allow for each type of code generation to be run independently.
+ Move View Header logic back into the View since it could be View dependent and it belongs there any way.

## COMPLETED

+ I need to revisit caching logic, it's a little confusing to use right now with the `BaseGenerationService` implementation that I have.
+ Create a new git repository on Bitbucket for project.
+ Create extension methods for convenience related to embedded resources.
  + GetTemplateNameFromEmbeddedResource
  +	GetFileNameFromEmbeddedResource
  + GetViewNameFromEmbeddedResource
+ Rename the `AssemblyExtensions` class to something more appropriate for its purpose.
+ Create a service to handle retrieving template files that are compiled as embedded resources.
+ Add a `BaseGeneratorService` with an abstract implementation of the `Get` method. 
  + This logic should be the same across all types of generators (model, sql, view, etc.)
+ Update TableMetadata code to include information about whether a column is ReadOnly, ForeignKey, etc. to make the template simpler.
+ Add caching to the `CSharpInMemoryCompiler` class so that I only have to compile my model classes one time.
+ Add `FileWriter` usage and settings for ModelGeneration and ViewGeneration
